today I want to talk to you about a very
interesting number and that happens to
be the number four the number four is
represented by the planet Uranus and it
is also known to be rebellious and very
genuine now number four get appeared in
our lives in many ways
it can appear on our data Birds or it
could appear in many many other places
in our lives now number four is very
happy with number one it's also have
very happy with number two number four
done is not very happy with number six
and attracts number eight very
mysteriously now let me explain this to
you a little further now when number
four comes with number one which is Sun
and Uranus the one in the four that
combination is very good for quick
buying and quit selling though it's
timed energy now when number four comes
with number two which is moon energy it
brings a huge lot good success mr. Shah
Rukh Khan knows a Bollywood superstar
has that energy of Uranus and 242 on his
name now when number four comes with
number six which is Venus that foreign
six combination has the energy of
honey's and bees like lots of bees over
honey which means many many which means
many relationships and now when number
four comes in number eight which it
always does it always attracts is very
mysteriously it's always a trend which
is aspiring downtrend
so always avoid the board the eight if
you are a four or or likewise now when
number four comes with the number three
what happens well it's a very
destructive energy and we all know what
happened when the 43rd President of the
United States was in office there was a
lot of destruction in this world when
number four comes with the number five
it's great for the media it's great for
broadcasting it's great for production
and filming and when number four comes
with the number nine it's again a very
powerful combination we all know the
49ers and
and as from a business perspective 4 & 9
that combination is very good for
biomedical research and those kind of
business companies now number 4 is not
considered to be very auspicious in the
Far East well we all know that I guess
they say that the vibrations at number 4
is rings like the end of life but then
if you look at number 4 from another
perspective
now as the current night States
President President Obama gets ready to
be sworn in office tomorrow which is the
21st again if we look at his date of
birth well President Obama also has a
four date of birth and then he also
happens to be the 44th president now
with so many force on how is he the
president out of the point well in his
case he is born under the sign of Leo's
which is which is a lot of Sun energy
now that's son very interestingly the
number one like I mentioned earlier the
number one balances the four is date of
birth and it also balances the four for
of his presidency completely perfectly
and that is an excellent example of how
number four when balanced with the
energy of Sun can bring such huge
success so that is my point again